Change algorithm for constraining resources (#573)
MPAS-Dev/compass: docs/developers_guide/organization.rst

When overriding ``constrain_resources``, it is important to also call the base
class' version of the method with ``super().constrain_resources()``.

The names of the resources are related to the
`Slurm <https://slurm.schedmd.com/srun.html>`_ naming conventions:

``ntasks``
    The target number of MPI tasks that a step will use if the resources are
    available.

``min_tasks``
    The minimum number of MPI tasks for a step.  If too few resources are
    available, the step will not run.

> ``cpus_per_task``

Reviewer: For straight MPI applications without OpenMP, this will always be 1, right?  If so, can you add a statement to that effect?

Author: I added this.

When overriding ``constrain_resources``, it is important to also call the base
class' version of the method with ``super().constrain_resources()``.

The names of the resources are related to the
`Slurm <https://slurm.schedmd.com/srun.html>`_ naming conventions:

``ntasks``
    The target number of MPI tasks that a step will use if the resources are
    available.

``min_tasks``
    The minimum number of MPI tasks for a step.  If too few resources are
    available, the step will not run.

``cpus_per_task``
    If ``ntasks > 1``, this is typically a number of threads used by each

>     MPI tasks (e.g. with OpenMP threading).  If ``ntasks == 1``, this may

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    MPI task (e.g. with OpenMP threading).  If ``ntasks == 1``, this may
```

    be the number of target cores used in on-node parallelism like python or
    c++ threading, or python multiprocessing.  ``cpus_per_task`` will

>     automatically be constrained to be less that the number of cores on a node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    automatically be constrained to be less than or equal to the number of cores on a node
```
